CSCB58 Project Report: Winter 2019

Team Member A
-------------
First Name: Yi Jie
Last Name: Wang
Student Number: 1004177044
UofT E-mail Address: jaden.wang@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member B
-------------
First Name: Yiming
Last Name: Zhong
Student Number: 1004500694
UofT E-mail Address: ym.zhong@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member C (Optional)
-------------
First Name:
Last Name:
Student Number:
UofT E-mail Address:

Team Member D (Optional)
-------------
First Name: Eric 
Last Name: Tan
Student Number: 1004277007
UofT E-mail Address: Eric.Tan@mail.utoronto.ca


Project Plan
--------

Project Title: Digit Recognizer

Provide a one paragraph description of your project:

Digit Recognizer will have a neural network implemented using Verilog, with the task of recognizing sketched digits sent through
the USB Blaster Cable from the computer. Depending on the digit drawn, the FPGA board will output a specific digit onto the 
HEX Display. 

Tasks to implement:

- Train a neural network for the MNIST data.
	- Design a simple enough architecture so that the board can support it.
	- Could possibly use a pretrained network.
	
- Figure out a way to convert the weights of the network into Verilog code.
	
- Figure out how to implement data transfer from the computer to the board.
	- Define a common protocol between the board and the computer.
	- Readings: JTAG UART

What is your plan for the first week?

Task Distribution:

Figure out a common protocol between the board and the computer.
Subteam A: Figure out how to implement JTAG UART with the board. Implement a few demo cases. 
Subteam B: Figure out how to generate Verilog code to represent the network.

What is your plan for the second week?

Both teams will try to combine the results of the previous week's together.

What is your plan for the third week?

Run testing if done, otherwise, attempt to complete previous week's material.

What is your backup plan if things don’t work out as planned?

Depending on what went wrong:

If the FPGA part went wrong: No clue what to do.
If the Data Transfer part went wrong: Hardcode image "values" and test on that.

Weekly Reports
--------------
<In this space, provide a report each week of what worked and what didn't, and what (if any) changes were made to your proposal)>


[This is an example of a report where things didn't go so well.]
Week 1:
	We added and tested the sensors and the main FSM.
	The distance sensor we had intended to use didn't work as expected (wasn't precise enough at further distances, only seems to work accurately within 5-10cm), so instead we've decided to change the project to use a light sensor instead.
	Had trouble getting the FSM to work (kept getting stuck in state 101, took longer to debug than expected), so we may not be able to add the high score feature. We have updated that in the project description as an optional feature.



References
----------
<In this space clearly indicate all external sources used in this project. If you used anyone else's code (from previous B58 projects or other sources) clearly indicate what you used and where you found it. Usage of any material not credited in this space will be considered plagiarism. It is absolutely OK and expected to update this section as you progress in the projected.

Make sure to document what you added on top of the existing work, especially if you work with a previous project. What is it that YOU added?>

https://github.com/ZFTurbo/Verilog-Generator-of-Neural-Net-Digit-Detector-for-FPGA


Repo & Video
------------
Repository: https://github.com/jadenyjw/digit-recognizer
Video: 
<At the end of the project, provide links to your code repository and presentation video (and passwords if not public>
